# IA03 - User Registration API with React Frontend

Course: Advanced Web Application Development
Course code: 2409-AWAD-21_3
Teacher: Nguyễn Huy Khánh

## Objective

Implement a user registration system that consists of a backend API for handling user data and a React frontend to provide a user-friendly interface for registration.

## Requirements

### Backend Implementation (NestJS recommended)

##### Database Setup

-   Create a user schema with at least these fields:
    -   `username`: String, required, unique
    -   `password`: String, required
    -   `createdAt`: Date, default to the current date

##### API Endpoints

-   Create a `POST` endpoint `/user/register` to handle user registration:
    -   Validate the incoming data (`username`, `email`, `password`).
    -   Check if the `username` or `email` already exists.
    -   Hash the `password` before storing it in the database.
    -   Return a success message or appropriate error messages.

##### Error Handling

-   Implement proper error handling for validation and database errors.

##### Security

-   Use environment variables to store sensitive information (e.g., database URI).
-   Set up CORS to allow requests from the React frontend.

### Frontend Implementation (React)

##### User Registration Form

-   Handle routing for Home, Login, and Register pages.
-   Create a registration form component with fields for `email` and `password`.

##### API Integration

-   On form submission, send a `POST` request to the `/user/register` endpoint.
-   Handle the response to display success or error messages to the user.

##### User Experience (React Hook Form recommended)

-   Implement basic form validation (e.g., required fields, email format).
-   Style the form using a UI framework.

## Rubric

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th colspan=2>Rubrics</th>
            <th>Pt.</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody >
        <!-- BACK-END -->
        <tr>
            <td rowspan=2>Back-end Implementation</td>
            <td>API Endpoints</td>
            <td align=center>2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Error Handling</td>
            <td align=center>2</td>
        </tr>
        <!-- FRONT-END -->
        <tr>
          <td rowspan=3>Front-end Implementation</td>
            <td>Routing</td>
            <td align=center>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>API Integration</td>
            <td align=center>2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>User Experience</td>
            <td align=center>2</td>
        </tr>
        <!-- PUBLIC HOST -->
        <tr>
            <td colspan=2>Public Host Deployment</td>
            <td align=center>1</td>
        </tr>
        <!-- TOTAL PT. -->
        <tr>
            <td colspan=2 align=center><strong>Total</strong></td>
            <td align=center><strong>10</strong></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

FIT@HCMUS - October 24th, 2024.
